1. General. The software, documentation and any fonts accompanying 
this License whether on disk, in read only memory, on any other media 
or in any other form (collectively the "Software") are licensed, not 
sold, to you by Bergan Computer, Inc. ("Bergan") for use only under 
the terms of this License, and Bergan reserves all rights not 
expressly granted to you. The rights granted herein are limited to 
Bergan's intellectual property rights in the Bergan Software and do 
not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. You 
own the media on which the Bergan Software is recorded but Bergan 
and/or Bergan's licensor(s) retain ownership of the Software itself. 

2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions. This License allows you 
to install and use one (1) copy of the Software on a single device or 
computer at a time. This License does not allow the Software to exist 
on more than one such device or computer at a time, and you may not 
make the Software available over a network where it could be used by 
multiple devices or multiple computers at the same time. 

You may make one copy of the Software in machine-readable form for 
backup purposes only; provided that the backup copy must include all 
copyright or other proprietary notices contained on the original. 

Except as and only to the extent expressly permitted in this License 
or by applicable law, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, 
disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create 
derivative works of the Software or any part thereof. Any attempt to 
do so is a violation of the rights of Bergan and its licensors of the 
Software. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to 
prosecution and damages. 

THE SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE 
SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR 
ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. 

3. Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend or sublicense the 
Software. You may, however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all 
of your license rights to the Software to another party, provided 
that: (a) the transfer must include all of the Software, including 
all its component parts, original media, printed materials and this 
License; (b) you do not retain any copies of the Software, full or 
partial, including copies stored on a computer or other storage 
device; and (c) the party receiving the Software reads and agrees to 
accept the terms and conditions of this License. 

4. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. Your 
rights under this License will terminate automatically without notice 
from Bergan if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. 
Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the 
Bergan Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the 
Bergan Software. 

5. Disclaimer of Warranties. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS 
TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH 
YOU. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND DANGER AND DANGER'S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY 
REFERRED TO AS "DANGER" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 5 AND 6) HEREBY 
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE,
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF 
ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY 
RIGHTS. DANGER DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR 
ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE 
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE 
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE 
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE 
GIVEN BY DANGER SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE 
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, 
REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

6. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL DANGER BE LIABLE FOR 
PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR 
ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO 
YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS 
OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF 
DANGER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no 
event shall Bergan's total liability to you for all damages. The 
foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy 
fails of its essential purpose. 

7. Export Law Assurances. You may not use or otherwise export or 
reexport the Software except as authorized by United States law and 
the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Software was obtained. In 
particular, but without limitation, the Software may not be exported 
or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any U.S. 
embargoed countries (currently Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, 
Sudan and Syria) or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's 
list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of 
Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List. By using the Software, 
you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under control 
of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such 
list. 

8. Government End Users. The Software and related documentation are 
"Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. p2.101, 
consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer 
Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. p12.212 
or 48 C.F.R. p227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. p
12.212 or 48 C.F.R. p227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, 
the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software 
Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) 
only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are 
granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions 
herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the 
United States. 

9. Controlling Law and Severability and Choice of Forum. This 
License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Colorado, as applied to agreements entered into and 
to be performed entirely within Colorado between Colorado residents, 
that is, without giving any effect to the choice of laws provisions 
of the State of Colorado. This License shall not be governed by the 
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of 
Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If for any 
reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or 
portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License 
shall continue in full force and effect. You agree that the only 
courts in which You will bring lawsuits concerning the application or 
enforcement of this License are courts of competent jurisdiction 
located in the State of Colorado and you consent to the exercise of 
jurisdiction by any such court. This paragraph shall survive in full 
force and effect regardless of any termination of this License. 

10. Third Party Notices and Conditions. The Software may include or 
utilize certain software which is owned by Roee Shlomo, the source 
code of which is available under the MIT License (the "Roee Shlomo 
Code"). Bergan may make modifications to this Roee Shlomo Code. The 
license for the Roee Shlomo Code is included here as Exhibit A. Those 
terms are fully applicable to the use of those portions of the 
Software that consist of the Roee Shlomo Code. 

11. Complete Agreement; Governing Language. This License constitutes 
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Software 
licensed hereunder and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous 
understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or 
modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and 
signed by Bergan.

=====================================================

Exhibit A: license of the Roee Shlomo Code.

Unless otherwise noted, all files are released under the MIT license, 
exceptions contain licensing information in them.

Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Roee Shlomo

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The Software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability,  fitness for a particular purpose and
noninfringement. In no event shall the  authors or copyright holders
be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an
action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in
connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the
Software.